

agitation:
	a state of anxiety or nervous excitement: she was wringing her hands in agitation.
	brisk stirring or disturbance of a liquid: the techniques mostly involve agitation by stirring.
	the arousing of public concern about an issue and pressing for action on it: widespread agitation for social reform.
	• [count noun] Indian a public demonstration.
unrest : 
	a state of dissatisfaction, disturbance, and agitation, typically involving public demonstrations or disorder: years of industrial unrest.
	a feeling of disturbance and dissatisfaction in a person: the frenzy and unrest of her own life.
	
	
CHOOSE THE RIGHT WORD
calm, serene, tranquil, placid, peaceful
All these words indicate a freedom from disturbance or agitation, and all are used of people, concrete nouns, such as water, and abstract nouns, such as look.
■ Someone who is calm remains unperturbed in a worrying or frightening situation (you were wonderful, coping with all of us and always calm). Calm is often applied to a place where fighting or unrest is normal but is absent or has died down, and is the word most commonly used in connection with weather, to describe the sea, day, weather, or sky.
■ Serene suggests that a person has an inner calm and is used to describe their appearance or behaviour (the serene beauty of her delicate golden face belied her years | an attitude of serene detachment). It is also used of places that are relaxed, free from strife, and untouched by human cares (charming properties of character await—secluded, historic and serene | Cologne is a city of serene parks).
■ Tranquil is most commonly used of places that are relaxingly free from noise or disturbance—a setting, scene, village, or garden, in particular. It is also used to describe people or their lives (most people over twenty never have a tranquil moment).
■ Someone with a placid nature is not easily worried or upset (a placid, contented family man | her usually placid temper began to stir). Placid can have critical overtones, suggesting that someone is slow to react and rather dull (moderate voters of placid and unreflective temperament). Placid is also used to describe animals and children with a quiet, docile nature, as well as areas of calm water, such as a bay, sea, or canal.
■ Peaceful most commonly refers to an absence of conflict or aggression (a peaceful solution to the Saharan conflict | 400,000 people participated in a peaceful demonstration).


serene / sɪˈriːn
	adj : calm, peaceful, and untroubled; tranquil: her eyes were closed and she looked very serene | serene certainty.
	noun (usually the serene) archaic : an expanse of clear sky or calm sea: not a cloud obscured the deep serene.
tranquil
	adj : free from disturbance; calm: her tranquil gaze | the sea was tranquil.
	
	
serene
adjective
1 on the surface I might have seemed serene, but underneath I was panicking: calm, composed, collected, cool, calm, and collected, as cool as a cucumber, tranquil, peaceful, at peace, pacific, untroubled, relaxed, at ease, poised, self-possessed, unperturbed, imperturbable, undisturbed, unruffled, unworried, unexcitable, placid, equable, even-tempered; North American centered; informal together, unflappable, chilled. ANTONYMS anxious, nervous, agitated.
2 Trentino is a labyrinth of deep valleys and serene lakes: peaceful, tranquil, quiet, still, restful, relaxing, soothing, undisturbed, untroubled. ANTONYMS turbulent, noisy.
3 the serene western sky: cloudless, unclouded, clear, bright, sunny. ANTONYMS cloudy, stormy.




intention
noun
1 it is his intention to be leader: aim, purpose, intent, objective, object, goal, target, end; design, plan, scheme; resolve, resolution, determination; wish, desire, ambition, idea, dream, aspiration, hope.
2 Milton manages, with or without intention, to build up a wonderfully vivid and intriguing portrait of Satan: deliberateness, intentionality, intent, design, calculation; premeditation, preconception, forethought, plan, planning, pre-planning, advance planning, prearrangement, malice aforethought. ANTONYMS inadvertency; accident.
قصد, منظور, اراده



objective
adjective
1 an interviewer must try to be objective: impartial, unbiased, unprejudiced, non-partisan, disinterested, non-discriminatory, neutral, uninvolved, even-handed, equitable, fair, fair-minded, just, open-minded, dispassionate, detached, impersonal, unemotional, clinical. ANTONYMS biased, partial, prejudiced.
2 the world of objective knowledge: factual, actual, real, empirical, verifiable, existing, manifest. ANTONYMS subjective.
noun
our objective is to build a profitable business: aim, intention, purpose, target, goal, intent, object, end, end in view, grail, holy grail; idea, design, plan, scheme, ambition, aspiration, desire, hope; the point, the object of the exercise.


objective | əbˈdʒɛktɪv |
adjective
1 (of a person or their judgement) not influenced by personal feelings or opinions in considering and representing facts: historians try to be objective and impartial. Contrasted with subjective.
• not dependent on the mind for existence; actual: a matter of objective fact.
2 [attributive] Grammar relating to or denoting a case of nouns and pronouns serving as the object of a transitive verb or a preposition.
noun
1 a thing aimed at or sought; a goal: the system has achieved its objective.
2 (the objective) Grammar the objective case.
3 (also objective lens) the lens in a telescope or microscope nearest to the object observed: examine with high power objective.


subjective | səbˈdʒɛktɪv |
adjective
1 based on or influenced by personal feelings, tastes, or opinions: his views are highly subjective | there is always the danger of making a subjective judgement. Contrasted with objective.
• dependent on the mind or on an individual's perception for its existence.
2 Grammar relating to or denoting a case of nouns and pronouns used for the subject of a sentence.
noun (the subjective) Grammar
the subjective case.



contented | kənˈtɛntɪd |
adjective
feeling or expressing happiness or satisfaction: I felt warm and contented | she gave a contented little smile.
• willing to accept something; satisfied: I was never contented with half measures


content1 | kənˈtɛnt |
adjective
in a state of peaceful happiness: he seemed more content, less bitter.
• willing to accept something; satisfied: he had to be content with third place | [with infinitive] : the duke was content to act as Regent.
verb [with object]
satisfy (someone): nothing would content her apart from going off to Barcelona.
• (content oneself with) accept as adequate despite wanting more or better: we contented ourselves with a few small purchases.
noun
1 [mass noun] a state of satisfaction: the greater part of the century was a time of content.
2 a member of the British House of Lords who votes for a particular motion.


she stood for a moment looking with content at her husband. See contentment.

contentment | kənˈtɛntm(ə)nt |
noun [mass noun]
a state of happiness and satisfaction: he found contentment in living a simple life in the country.


